Content script clarifications (#16579)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/101/index.md

## Changes for add-on developers

> - Addition of the {{WebExtAPIRef("scripting")}} API, which provides features to execute a script, insert and remove CSS, and manage the registration of content scripts ({{bug(1687764)}}). This API is available to Manifest V3 extensions and takes over the execute script and insert and remove CSS features from the {{WebExtAPIRef("tabs")}} API. 

Author: ```suggestion
- Addition of the {{WebExtAPIRef("scripting")}} API, which provides features to execute a script, insert and remove CSS, and manage the registration of content scripts ({{bug(1687764)}}). This API is available to Manifest V3 extensions and takes over the execute script and insert and remove CSS features from the {{WebExtAPIRef("tabs")}} API.
```

- Addition of the {{WebExtAPIRef("action")}} API, which takes over the features of the {{WebExtAPIRef("browserAction")}} API in Manifest V3 extensions. Corresponding addition of the [`"action"`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/action) manifest key. Note that the {{WebExtAPIRef("browserAction")}} API and [`"action"`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/browser_action) manifest key are only available in Manifest V2 extensions.
- The [`"background"`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/background) manifest key property `"persistent"` can be set to `false` under the control of preferences: for Manifest V2, the <code>extensions.eventPages.enabled</code> preference, and in Manifest V3, the <code>extensions.manifestV3.enabled</code> preference.
- Addition of the [`"host_permissions"`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/host_permissions) manifest key, which is available for Manifest V3 extensions. 

> - Content scripts execution has changed for Manifest V3 extensions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The content script execution environment has changed for Manifest V3 extensions:
```

>   - content scripts can only send requests that require CORS, not host permissions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Content scripts can no longer rely on host permissions to perform cross-origin requests. Cross-origin requests from content scripts are possible with CORS.
```

The previous statement is incorrect; same-origin requests (i.e. to the same origin as the page) are also/still possible.
